When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

    Having a local repository should be my first choice. Maybe sometimes I 
    don't get my computer around, I have to use the remote. Or the computer
    I'm using is beyond my control, I don't want to the owner have control 
    to or find out my project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If the changes in a remote aren't introduced by myself, automaticlly
    keep the local sync with the remote without my awareness may break my
    work.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would 
you use one instead of another?

    Forks are clones at GitHub's server, complished by GitHub.
    Clones can be copies of a local repository and a remote.
    Branches are labels to commits.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    If there isn't such an information, pull from the GitHub may overwrite
    your local repository directly without warnings, which may make your 
    work in vain or break your code because others pushed their changes to
    the remote at GitHub.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be 
easier, and what would be harder?

    The one making the changes would have to send the changes to others
    manually, for example, through email. And if anyone has some opinions
    about the changes, they can communicate with each other through email.
    Having a tool to do something automatically for you is definitely
    easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

    When you want to add new features that need tests. Or the project you
    are working on is a collaborative project, you need to make others
    aware and approve your changes before merge your branch into the 
    master branch.
    Creating a separate branch needs a bit more operation, but it is
    definite more suitable for collaboration.
